0x00-shell_basics/README.md, before:

Description of scripts
Task 0-Script of  command for printing the absolute path name of the current working directory
Task 1-Script of  command for listing files in curent directorysdd
Task 2-Script of command that changes the working directory to the user’s home directory
Task 3-Script of command  that displays current directory contents in a long format  
Task 4-Script of command for displaying current directory contents, including hidden files and uses the long format
Task 5- Script of command that displays current directory contents in long format with user and group IDs displayed numerically and hidden files
Task 6- Script that creates a directory named myfirstirectory in the tmp directory
Task 7-Script to move the file betty from /tmp/ to /tmp/myfirstdirectory.             
Task 8- Script that deletes the file betty.                                         
Task 9- Script that deletes the directory myfirstdirectory that is in the /tmp directory                                     
Task 10 - Script that changes the working directory to the previous one.

Task 11 - Script that  lists all files (even ones with names beginning with a period character, which are normally hidden) in the current directory and the parent of the working directory and the /root directory (in this order), in long format

Task 12: Script that prints the type of the file named iamafile. The file iamafile will be in the /tmp directory when we will run the script

Task 13: Script that create symbolic link to /bin/ls, named __ls__. The symbolic link is created in the current working directory.

 Task 14: Script that copies all the HTML files from the current working directory to the parent of the working directory, but only copy files that did not exist in the parent of the working directory or were newer than the versions in the parent of the working directory.

Task 15:
Create a script that moves all files beginning with an uppercase letter to the directory /tmp/u.
You can assume that the directory /tmp/u will exist when we will run your script.

Commit message:

All scripting of tasks have a descriotion

0x00-shell_basics/README.md, after:

Description of scripts
Task 0-Script of  command for printing the absolute path name of the current working directory
Task 1-Script of  command for listing files in curent directorysdd
Task 2-Script of command that changes the working directory to the user’s home directory
Task 3-Script of command  that displays current directory contents in a long format  
Task 4-Script of command for displaying current directory contents, including hidden files and uses the long format
Task 5- Script of command that displays current directory contents in long format with user and group IDs displayed numerically and hidden files
Task 6- Script that creates a directory named myfirstirectory in the tmp directory
Task 7-Script to move the file betty from /tmp/ to /tmp/myfirstdirectory.             
Task 8- Script that deletes the file betty.                                         
Task 9- Script that deletes the directory myfirstdirectory that is in the /tmp directory                                     
Task 10 - Script that changes the working directory to the previous one.

Task 11 - Script that  lists all files (even ones with names beginning with a period character, which are normally hidden) in the current directory and the parent of the working directory and the /root directory (in this order), in long format

Task 12: Script that prints the type of the file named iamafile. The file iamafile will be in the /tmp directory when we will run the script

Task 13: Script that create symbolic link to /bin/ls, named __ls__. The symbolic link is created in the current working directory.

 Task 14: Script that copies all the HTML files from the current working directory to the parent of the working directory, but only copy files that did not exist in the parent of the working directory or were newer than the versions in the parent of the working directory.

Task 15:
Script that moves all files beginning with an uppercase letter to the directory /tmp/u.
You can assume that the directory /tmp/u will exist when we will run your script

Task 16:Script that deletes all files in the current working directory that end with the character ~.

Task 17: Script that creates the directories welcome/, welcome/to/ and welcome/to/school in the current directory.

Task 18: a command that lists all the files and directories of the current directory, separated by commas (,).
Directory names should end with a slash (/)
Files and directories starting with a dot (.) should be listed
The listing should be alpha ordered, except for the directories . and .. which should be listed at the very beginning
Only digits and letters are used to sort; Digits should come first
You can assume that all the files we will test with will have at least one letter or one digit
The listing should end with a new line  

Task 19:  Created a magic file school.mgc that can be used with the command file to detect School data files. School data files always contain the string SCHOOL at offset 0.
